This is how you can use trajptt to
create any trading indicator on trading
view. On GPT, open explore GPTs. Look
for trading view applications and choose
the one by Jordan Powell. You can use
this to develop both indicators and
trading [music] strategies. Comment if
you want a structured process to develop
your trading strategy. What you need to
do is describing the characteristics of
your indicator [music] and the desired
output and request the pine script code.
Take the code, go to trading view, open
the pine script editor, create a new
indicator, paste your own code, and add
it to the chart. The future of retail
trading belongs to those who can create,
test, and automate their ideas. [music]
And with today's tool, creating your own
indicators and strategies is no longer a
barrier, but a shortcut to trade like an
institutional trader.